content/aliens/grundak.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/harmonia-dossier.njk
page_title: "HIA Dossier: Grundak"
body_class: dossier-body
permalink: "aliens/grundak.html"
category: aliens
playable: true
hidden: false

dossier_id: "HAI-XENO-047-GRUD"
date_compiled: "14 March 3175"
compiler: "Strategic Risk Assessor Vibius Korvan"
verification_confidence: 89
species_name: "Grundak"
homeworld: "Rani (Thord-0002)"
focus_name: "Ranian Resilience"

overview:
  - "The Grundak are a robust, labor-oriented species forged in the high-gravity environment of Rani, a mineral-rich world that demands physical endurance. Known as 'Gruds' in trade circles, derogatory terms like 'Tunnel-Rats' are strongly discouraged due to cultural sensitivities. Their exceptional resilience and technical expertise make them invaluable for mining, engineering, and heavy-world operations. Harmonia Astralis assesses the Grundak as a utilitarian resource for industrial and defense sectors, though their stubborn independence and clan loyalty require careful management to prevent resistance or insurgency."

physical_assessment:
  - title: Physiology
    description: "Grundak stand 4.5–5.5 feet tall with broad, muscular builds optimized for high-gravity environments. Their dense skeletal structure and reinforced musculature withstand extreme physical stress. Skin ranges from pale to ashen, marked by labor-induced scarring and soot within years of adulthood. Their eyes, adapted for low-light conditions, provide enhanced vision in dim environments. Hands feature three thick fingers and a thumb, calloused for precision work despite their bulk, often requiring customized tools ('Grud-grips') for off-world equipment. Male Grundak grow elaborate, unshaven beards adorned with beads, rings, or bands signifying clan, rank, or achievements, central to their identity; disrespecting them invites hostility. Females share similar builds but lack beards."
  - title: Strategic Implications
    description: "Their physical durability makes Grundak formidable in close combat, capable of inflicting significant damage with minimal effort. Low-light vision enhances effectiveness in confined or poorly lit operational theaters. Medical analysis indicates resilient physiology with rapid clotting and redundant organ systems, requiring advanced weaponry for neutralization. Their reliance on customized tools can be exploited to disrupt efficiency in non-native environments."

behavioral_profile:
  - title: Societal Structure
    description: "Grundak society is organized into trade guilds, prioritizing practical skills and collective effort over hierarchical lineage. They value craftsmanship, mechanical aptitude, and infrastructure maintenance, fostering a culture of meticulous problem-solving."
  - title: Behavioral Traits
    description: "Known for their methodical approach and unyielding determination, Grundak are reliable but resistant to external authority. They maintain long memories for perceived slights, with clan-wide grudges potentially spanning generations."
  - title: Strengths
    description: "Exceptional survivalists and technicians, Grundak excel at repairing critical systems under extreme conditions, from vacuum breaches to overloaded reactors. Their straightforward demeanor responds well to clear incentives."
  - title: Weaknesses
    description: "Discomfort in zero-gravity environments reduces operational efficiency, often accompanied by vocal dissatisfaction. Their rigid adherence to clan traditions can be exploited to create internal divisions."
  - title: Strategic Risks
    description: "While unlikely to pursue territorial expansion, Grundak can form highly effective resistance groups if provoked. Their capacity for sustained resistance could challenge Harmonian outposts. Monitor guild communications for signs of collective action or labor strikes."

traits:
  - name: "Hearty Constitution"
    description: "Grundak physiology ensures maximum vitality at each stage of development. Mechanically, they always roll the maximum value for the first hit die when gaining a level (e.g., a Level 1 Warrior starts with 8 HP). At higher levels, any hit die rolling a 1 is re-rolled until a higher value is achieved, reflecting their exceptional toughness."
  - name: "Gravity-Forged"
    description: "Adapted to Rani’s high-gravity environment, Grundak ignore fatigue, bone stress, and pressure penalties in high-gravity conditions. They gain a +1 bonus to physical skill checks (e.g., Exert, Combat/Melee) in such environments but receive no bonus or penalty in standard or low-gravity settings. In zero-gravity, they suffer a -1 penalty to fine motor skills due to disorientation."
  - name: "Born Fixers"
    description: "Grundak culture instills mechanical aptitude from an early age. All Grundak start with the Fix skill at Rank 0 (or +1 if already trained), enabling them to maintain and repair complex systems with minimal training. However, their reliance on specialized tools can lead to delays when adapting to non-Grundak equipment."

operational_recommendations:
  - title: "Engagement Strategy"
    description: "Secure Grundak cooperation through access to advanced tools and resources, framing partnerships as mutual benefit to maintain goodwill. Offer guild charters to align their interests with Harmonian objectives."
  - title: "Containment Measures"
    description: "Deploy Grundak personnel to high-gravity outposts to maximize productivity and minimize unrest. Introduce controlled disruptions to clan cohesion in low-gravity environments to prevent organized resistance."
  - title: "Escalation Protocols"
    description: "Avoid direct conflict unless clan mobilizations exceed approximately 500 individuals. Their capacity for sustained resistance necessitates overwhelming force or strategic isolation to neutralize threats."

quote:
  text: "The Grundak are the anvil of the stars—unyielding, indispensable, but strike them wrong, and the hammer breaks."
  author: "Vibius Korvan, Strategic Risk Assessor"
---

Commit message:

Adjusted the rest of the race's focus features.

content/aliens/grundak.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/harmonia-dossier.njk
page_title: "HIA Dossier: Grundak"
body_class: dossier-body
permalink: "aliens/grundak.html"
category: aliens
playable: true
hidden: false

dossier_id: "HAI-XENO-047-GRUD"
date_compiled: "14 March 3175"
compiler: "Strategic Risk Assessor Vibius Korvan"
verification_confidence: 89
species_name: "Grundak"
homeworld: "Rani (Thord-0002)"
focus_name: "Ranian Resilience"

overview:
  - "The Grundak are a robust, labor-oriented species forged in the high-gravity environment of Rani, a mineral-rich world that demands physical endurance. Known as 'Gruds' in trade circles, derogatory terms like 'Tunnel-Rats' are strongly discouraged due to cultural sensitivities. Their exceptional resilience and technical expertise make them invaluable for mining, engineering, and heavy-world operations. Harmonia Astralis assesses the Grundak as a utilitarian resource for industrial and defense sectors, though their stubborn independence and clan loyalty require careful management to prevent resistance or insurgency."

physical_assessment:
  - title: Physiology
    description: "Grundak stand 4.5–5.5 feet tall with broad, muscular builds optimized for high-gravity environments. Their dense skeletal structure and reinforced musculature withstand extreme physical stress. Skin ranges from pale to ashen, marked by labor-induced scarring and soot within years of adulthood. Their eyes, adapted for low-light conditions, provide enhanced vision in dim environments. Hands feature three thick fingers and a thumb, calloused for precision work despite their bulk, often requiring customized tools ('Grud-grips') for off-world equipment. Male Grundak grow elaborate, unshaven beards adorned with beads, rings, or bands signifying clan, rank, or achievements, central to their identity; disrespecting them invites hostility. Females share similar builds but lack beards."
  - title: Strategic Implications
    description: "Their physical durability makes Grundak formidable in close combat, capable of inflicting significant damage with minimal effort. Low-light vision enhances effectiveness in confined or poorly lit operational theaters. Medical analysis indicates resilient physiology with rapid clotting and redundant organ systems, requiring advanced weaponry for neutralization. Their reliance on customized tools can be exploited to disrupt efficiency in non-native environments."

behavioral_profile:
  - title: Societal Structure
    description: "Grundak society is organized into trade guilds, prioritizing practical skills and collective effort over hierarchical lineage. They value craftsmanship, mechanical aptitude, and infrastructure maintenance, fostering a culture of meticulous problem-solving."
  - title: Behavioral Traits
    description: "Known for their methodical approach and unyielding determination, Grundak are reliable but resistant to external authority. They maintain long memories for perceived slights, with clan-wide grudges potentially spanning generations."
  - title: Strengths
    description: "Exceptional survivalists and technicians, Grundak excel at repairing critical systems under extreme conditions, from vacuum breaches to overloaded reactors. Their straightforward demeanor responds well to clear incentives."
  - title: Weaknesses
    description: "Discomfort in zero-gravity environments reduces operational efficiency, often accompanied by vocal dissatisfaction. Their rigid adherence to clan traditions can be exploited to create internal divisions."
  - title: Strategic Risks
    description: "While unlikely to pursue territorial expansion, Grundak can form highly effective resistance groups if provoked. Their capacity for sustained resistance could challenge Harmonian outposts. Monitor guild communications for signs of collective action or labor strikes."

traits:
  - name: "Hearty Constitution"
    description: "Grundak physiology ensures maximum vitality at each stage of development. Mechanically, they always roll the maximum value for the first hit die when gaining a level (e.g., a Level 1 Warrior starts with 8 HP). At higher levels, any hit die rolling a 1 is re-rolled until a higher value is achieved, reflecting their exceptional toughness."
  - name: "Gravity-Forged"
    description: "Adapted to Rani’s high-gravity environment, Grundak ignore fatigue, bone stress, and pressure penalties in high-gravity conditions. They gain a +1 bonus to physical skill checks (e.g., Exert, Combat/Melee) in such environments but receive no bonus or penalty in standard or low-gravity settings. In zero-gravity, they suffer a -1 penalty to fine motor skills due to disorientation."
  - name: "Born Fixers"
    description: "Grundak culture instills mechanical aptitude from an early age. All Grundak start with the Fix skill at Rank 0 (or +1 if already trained), enabling them to maintain and repair complex systems with minimal training. However, their reliance on specialized tools can lead to delays when adapting to non-Grundak equipment."
  - name: Tharnite Infusion
    description: "Grundak carry trace Tharnite in their blood, granting a Tharnite Pool equal to their Constitution modifier (minimum 1). As a Main Action, they may spend 1 point to either heal 1d6 hit points or remove 1d4 System Strain. This healing cannot restore a Grundak from unconsciousness to active combat, though it may stabilize them if used while incapacitated. Points regenerate daily after a full rest or by consuming raw Tharnite (minimum 500 credits per dose, rare off-Rani)."

operational_recommendations:
  - title: "Engagement Strategy"
    description: "Secure Grundak cooperation through access to advanced tools and resources, framing partnerships as mutual benefit to maintain goodwill. Offer guild charters to align their interests with Harmonian objectives."
  - title: "Containment Measures"
    description: "Deploy Grundak personnel to high-gravity outposts to maximize productivity and minimize unrest. Introduce controlled disruptions to clan cohesion in low-gravity environments to prevent organized resistance."
  - title: "Escalation Protocols"
    description: "Avoid direct conflict unless clan mobilizations exceed approximately 500 individuals. Their capacity for sustained resistance necessitates overwhelming force or strategic isolation to neutralize threats."

quote:
  text: "The Grundak are the anvil of the stars—unyielding, indispensable, but strike them wrong, and the hammer breaks."
  author: "Vibius Korvan, Strategic Risk Assessor"
---
