travel_agency/mayrifa.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/travel-agency.njk
page_title: "ACS: Mayrifa"
body_class: travel-body
permalink: "acs/mayrifa.html"
category: planet

recent: true

system: "Permago-0706"
planet_name: "Mayrifa"
atmosphere: "Thin Oxygen"
temperature: "Chilly to Mild"
population: "592,214,233"
tech_level: "TL4+"
warnings:
  atmosphere: true

notable_things:
  Places:
    - name: "Imerius"
      description: "Bask in the radiant splendor of Imerius, Mayrifa’s sunlit capital sprawling along a shimmering beach and up dramatic cliffs. Its glass towers gleam under the cobalt sky, their tinted facades reflecting the eternal daylight. Wander sky-spanning walkways, explore vibrant markets, and relax in sculpted parks where low-gravity flora sways gently in the breeze."
    - name: "Raal’qua"
      description: "Discover the enchanting night-side capital of Raal’qua, nestled within a bioluminescent fungal forest. Buildings carved from giant mushrooms glow softly under starlight, creating an otherworldly ambiance. Stroll through winding paths lined with radiant fungi and experience the unique culture of the Nocturnis, where darkness unveils hidden beauty."
    - name: "Sylmnas Grotto"
      description: "Immerse yourself in the serene beauty of Sylmnas Grotto, a meticulously curated fungal garden on Mayrifa’s night side. Marvel at the vibrant hues and glowing patterns of bioluminescent fungi, tended by local artisans. A tranquil haven perfect for quiet reflection or guided tours under the starry sky."
    - name: "The Umbral Verge"
      description: "Stand in awe at The Umbral Verge, a majestic mountain ridge encircling Mayrifa, where day and night converge. High-altitude retreats offer breathtaking views of both sunlit plains and shadowed fungal forests. Visit for a unique blend of adventure and serenity, perfect for those seeking to bridge two worlds."
      sub_locations:
        - name: "Aurexion Spire"
          description: "Enroll or tour the renowned Aurexion Spire, a radiant glass academy perched in the mountains. As the sector’s premier psionic training center, it welcomes visitors for short courses or open houses, showcasing the art of mind over matter amidst stunning vistas."
    - name: "Uen Shaeras"
      description: "Explore the ancient mysteries of Uen Shaeras, a sprawling ruin built by the Velari's ancient ancestors. Wander through weathered stone halls and cavernous depths, where history whispers in every shadow. Guided tours offer glimpses into the planet’s storied past, perfect for adventurers and scholars alike."
description: "Mayrifa, a world of eternal contrasts, beckons travelers with its dual realms of light and shadow. On the sunlit side, gleaming cities like Imerius rise with glass towers and sculpted gardens, bathed in endless cobalt daylight. Across the Umbral Verge, the night side unveils Raal’qua’s glowing fungal forests, where the Nocturnis thrive in starlit splendor. Renowned for its psionic heritage, Mayrifa is home to the Aurexion Spire, the sector’s finest academy for mind-shaping arts. Whether you seek the vibrant energy of sunlit cliffs, the tranquil glow of night-side grottos, or the wisdom of psionic masters, Mayrifa offers a journey of wonder and discovery."
---

Commit message:

Added more planets to the travel agency

travel_agency/mayrifa.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/travel-agency.njk
page_title: "ACS: Mayrifa"
body_class: travel-body
permalink: "acs/mayrifa.html"
category: planet

recent: true
warnings:
  atmosphere: true
travel_advisory: "Travelers are advised to wear pressure masks outside designated areas due to Mayrifa's thin atmosphere. Major cities and facilities provide safe, filtered environments for a comfortable visit."

system: "Permago-0706"
planet_name: "Mayrifa"
atmosphere: "Thin Oxygen"
temperature: "Chilly to Mild"
population: "592,214,233"
tech_level: "TL4+"

notable_things:
  Places:
    - name: "Imerius"
      description: "Bask in the radiant splendor of Imerius, Mayrifa’s sunlit capital sprawling along a shimmering beach and up dramatic cliffs. Its glass towers gleam under the cobalt sky, their tinted facades reflecting the eternal daylight. Wander sky-spanning walkways, explore vibrant markets, and relax in sculpted parks where low-gravity flora sways gently in the breeze."
    - name: "Raal’qua"
      description: "Discover the enchanting night-side capital of Raal’qua, nestled within a bioluminescent fungal forest. Buildings carved from giant mushrooms glow softly under starlight, creating an otherworldly ambiance. Stroll through winding paths lined with radiant fungi and experience the unique culture of the Nocturnis, where darkness unveils hidden beauty."
    - name: "Sylmnas Grotto"
      description: "Immerse yourself in the serene beauty of Sylmnas Grotto, a meticulously curated fungal garden on Mayrifa’s night side. Marvel at the vibrant hues and glowing patterns of bioluminescent fungi, tended by local artisans. A tranquil haven perfect for quiet reflection or guided tours under the starry sky."
    - name: "The Umbral Verge"
      description: "Stand in awe at The Umbral Verge, a majestic mountain ridge encircling Mayrifa, where day and night converge. High-altitude retreats offer breathtaking views of both sunlit plains and shadowed fungal forests. Visit for a unique blend of adventure and serenity, perfect for those seeking to bridge two worlds."
      sub_locations:
        - name: "Aurexion Spire"
          description: "Enroll or tour the renowned Aurexion Spire, a radiant glass academy perched in the mountains. As the sector’s premier psionic training center, it welcomes visitors for short courses or open houses, showcasing the art of mind over matter amidst stunning vistas."
    - name: "Uen Shaeras"
      description: "Explore the ancient mysteries of Uen Shaeras, a sprawling ruin built by the Velari's ancient ancestors. Wander through weathered stone halls and cavernous depths, where history whispers in every shadow. Guided tours offer glimpses into the planet’s storied past, perfect for adventurers and scholars alike."
description: "Mayrifa, a world of eternal contrasts, beckons travelers with its dual realms of light and shadow. On the sunlit side, gleaming cities like Imerius rise with glass towers and sculpted gardens, bathed in endless cobalt daylight. Across the Umbral Verge, the night side unveils Raal’qua’s glowing fungal forests, where the Nocturnis thrive in starlit splendor. Renowned for its psionic heritage, Mayrifa is home to the Aurexion Spire, the sector’s finest academy for mind-shaping arts. Whether you seek the vibrant energy of sunlit cliffs, the tranquil glow of night-side grottos, or the wisdom of psionic masters, Mayrifa offers a journey of wonder and discovery."
---
